in this week's video I'm going to start
talk about image processing that
In general people are looking for
make an image as treatment and
perhaps it is more important to understand the
when to make a treatment
Image
let us first understand that the
image processing is something that
can be very complex very complete
a simple picture of a model in a
certain landscape you can do
treatment of skin and contrast color of
saturation can remove food from the scene
you can apply a standardization filter
beyond clear skin you can treat
pimple
tattoo from pillar to cinnamon remove hair
of the eyebrow decreases the size of
ears emaciated because it leaves the arm
but fulfilled leave the legs more
long let one eye more alive
so that at 10 00 nose or tarot
jaw jumps the soap dish at last
It has a lot you can proceed
treatment and the most important
whole story is not you mastering the
tools for this procedure is
You know how to fit it all into your
work flow because imagine if you
is charging a million a book you make
all these photo by force treatments
It will take ages to give the
now if this stuff is magazine cover
a fashion editorial then you should
spend all the time in the world taking care of
photo by photo then in each class
in each segment of photography
in each workflow routine in the
image processing will come from a
completely different from the
How do I define this really is not
easy to set this but have a few tips
to help for example an idealization
you should spend your time
proportionally divided into four
phases x time to shoot the same x
time to select the same time for
try the same time to sell then
a two-hour plus two- hour trial
in the selection and preparation of this
material but spent two hours in the
treatment and two hours spent in the
sale 8 hours in college a customer is
example depending on the segment of the
class you can not spend more than
half an hour to take care of all
that client's procedures and
depending on the class you can spend
week over the same client is that
This account is not so clear in the head as
You can not get an accurate idea
How long did it take us to?
sell to select to listen to customer
in relation to the photos he would like
to his album is much more
you can count the time of the test and the
treatment time of the test begins to
count from the time you went to take
shower to leave until the time you
arrived back in his office on his
home not if the test lasted an hour
probably three
the treatment time begins after
you have already selected organized for example
the client and you actually sat down to
work if you treated all the photos
no light on then exported another
by photoshop to fix a thing
more dramatic it gave three hours three
hours is the treatment time but before
of treating you spend time
selecting discharging riding
copy sheet recording everything and cd
sending to the client all these
aspects make up your workflow
and before all this happens you
spent time selling it upgraded one
website promotion you have created a table
or received the call from
a customer or you called the customer
I just went with him to Pizarro
craftsmanship on the tablet is a sign of
this time is also included in your
use per day is a tip for
You do not spend 18 hours doing
handling a customer 30 hours
making a client's treatment be pew
proving the treatment of a client
to win rough milan
understand that the cheaper your
product the less time you can spend
trying to understand also that the more
Can you solve the photographic scene?
The more you can deliver a
file is best for your
workflow so do not shoot in
a dirty wall you're going to have to
deal with
the mall and then if you want a
white background get white background with
light background the background do not stay photo by
photo bursting the background ending of
arrive in white if you want background
black smooth work in the shadows does not
put a rotten black tnt that after the
photoshop you'll have to stay
resolving that texture in a fair that
appears a black background if it does with a good
backs and makeup artist even if your
product is very cheap the value of
Makeup artist will fit in this package will
reduce its final cost on account of the
workflow because if it is
well makeup you will not have to stay
treating photo by photo in photoshop as
photos will come out more roundabout will
save a huge amount of time
do not click a lot more photos than you
you want to present it is cool simple
only now in digital technology do you
lifting material larger than you
want to present this has countless
benefits but does not exaggerate in this formula
to close a packet of 20 photos you do
144 thousand clicks it only remains week only
to select these photos there you stay
pity
one throws the pictures away that lot of
photo equal and bad together you have 32
Equal photos looks like a stop motion
well I think she just what I wanted
say liked the tip my lady joinha
and for me, sign up for the channel and